Runtime

1. You would have to manually check to see if your box of animal crackers contains
an elephant. Worst case scenario, you would have to look at each one before finding
the elephant last. The work load increases with the size of the box of animal crackers.
O(n).

2.  O(1), O(log n), O(n), O(n log n), O(2^n), O(n^2)

Stacks and Queues

1. 

    1. A stack would be more appropriate, because you would want the last thing in to 
    be the first thing out for ease of unloading.

    2. A queue would be appropriate for putting caps on bottles of beer, as you 
    would want the first in to be the first out. That way you could efficiently 
    keep up with the assembly line.

    3. A stack is better for this, because when your are breaking things into smaller
    pieces doing part of the work, and then returning to the original problem stacks 
    are better.

2. Queues

    1. Reading books in a series.

    2. Printing documents on a printer is a queue.

3. Stacks

    1. Recursion is a stack in memory! 

    2. Undo button in most text editors.

Linked Lists

1. There is an Apple node, a Berry node, and a Cherry node. We can assume that 
the data is also Apple, Berry, and Cherry, because that is the Hackbright way, and 
typically the node and the data will be the same in toy examples like these, though
not always. The head is Apple and the tail is Cherry. Apple is the head, it points to Berry, 
Berry points to Cherry, Cherry is the tail, Cherry points to None.

2. A single linked list only points to the next node. A double linked list points 
in both directions.

3. The runtime is better if we keep track of the tail O(1), as we can just append 
to the end of the list without having to traverse. If we had to traverse the list
to find the end, it would be O(n).

Trees

1. Given a breadth first search, the order of nodes would be: food, Italian, Indian,
Mexican, lasagna, pizza, tikka masala, saag, burritos.

2. Given a depth first search, assuming we start from the right, the order of 
nodes would be: food, Mexican, enchiladas, tacos, burritos, Indian, saag, tikka 
masala, Italian, pizza, Sicilian, New York-style, Chicago-style.

3. A binary tree limits the amount of children each parent can have to two. A binary 
search tree would allow for a better run time than a regular tree, given it is 
constructed correctly, as the tree could always direct you to go right or left depending 
on what you are looking for is a higher or a lower value.